Add sponsorship info (#9)
go-london-user-group/admin: sponsorship/README.md

## 💵 Sponsorship

As a meetup, we rely on our sponsors to help make our evenings even better. We know everyone at meetups loves some food and refreshments!

### Sponsorship Opportunities

As sponsorship goes we normally look for help in supporting the meetup and community in a few different ways:

> * Hosting - We are looking for London based venues that will hold 200+ people that we can host the meetup at. This would most likely be the middle Wednesday of the month from around 6:30 till 9pm.

Reviewer: We should get a Hosting FAQ that we link to from here ... future PR

Author: https://github.com/go-london-user-group/admin/issues/11

> * Food - We normally spend between £300 - £400 on catering every month so that everyone can have some food and an opportunity to  socialise during the food break. Pizza always goes down a treat but we are also open to trying new food for the event.

Reviewer: It's now more 400-500

Reviewer 2: Yes, with great numbers come great costs... I'd say that instead of "food: 400-500 / drinks 400-500" it should be easier to say "food and drinks, about 900 (500 for pizzas+400 drinks), two sponsors", I guess that asking for 450 for two sponsors could work.

I think saying "this company has sponsored pizzas and this other one drinks" doesn't add much value, I'd rather ask for the same amount to two companies (especially now that we have a bank account).

Author: Updated 👍

> * Refreshments - As with food we are looking to get between £300 - £400 to provide drinks and refreshments for everyone on the evening. We are keen to make sure that we have a wide range of drinks that suit our diverse community.

Reviewer: again 400-500£

Reviewer: Would look at splitting the amount into a separate subheading as we are hopefully moving to a model where we can take the sponsorship up front into the community account.

Reviewer: In the payment section I would also be clear that we look to use any overflow to keep the meetup running (any additional costs) and then use the balance at the end of the year to help people go to conferences.

Author: I merged the food & drinks sections stating that we spend £900 for the whole lot, so hopefully this will be clearer. I agree that it doesn't make much sense to distinguish between the two if we just get money paid into our account up front. 👍 

Added a bit about using any surplus to the "This will allow us..." paragraph.

> **We are looking for recurring sponsors who will contribute £200 every month or host us a few times a year.**

Reviewer 2: I'd probably split the recurring sponsorship from the hosting... I think those are two separate things that could possibly be addressed in different ways.

The real "new thing" that we are trying to introduce is the recurring sponsorship, and this can be detailed here. On the venue, I think we're always happy to go anywhere as long as it meets the criteria of:
- big enough space for people
- space for food/drinks
- screen/projector
- well connected with public transports

Author: I left one mention of the hosting right under "Sponsorship Opportunities" (I think it's good to mention that), and removed anything afterwards to focus on the sponsorship side of things. 👍

> This will allow us to secure the group's ability to host everyone on a monthly basis. It will also allow us to keep improving the experience we provide by investing in recording equipment and inviting well-known speakers.

Reviewer 2: In fact this part is not clear if we're referring to the sponsorship or the venue...

Author: Sponsorship, hopefully it's a bit clearer now with the hosting bit removed.

> We also graciously accept one-off sponsorship offers, be it to cover food, refreshments or venue for one event. 

Reviewer 2: This part is confusing as it's already mentioned in the previous paragraph... I'd probably remove it?

Author: The intention here is to mention one-off sponsorship option for any of those, the previous section is about recurring sponsorship. I think we need to mention it, but feel free to suggest any wording changes.

> Both recurring and one-off sponsors will be featured prominently during the meetup. We will also advertise our recurring sponsors outside of the event nights and tweet once a month about their job openings.

Reviewer: Do we have a limit on recurring sponsors? I would say we would want max 3?

Reviewer 2: I'd be happy with no limit for the contribution part: if companies are keen on supporting us, that's great. This means we could - depending on the budget - be able to get more stickers, t-shirts, prizes or even plushes...

On the hosting part _maybe_ a limit makes sense if we want to rotate as @katzien suggested a while back, though I don't feel strongly on that either. Still I reckon that having a host that is "battle tested" helps in the organisational part, and we have less unknowns.

Author: I don't think we should specify a limit on the recurring sponsors to start with. We definitely won't have a problem using that money and we can always introduce a limit later on if we want to.

As for hosting, I think we should focus this article on the recurring sponsorship as Antonio suggested in the earlier comment and not worry too much about hosting. My thoughts are:
- we're pretty good on that front already, so it's less important to find new hosts than sponsors
- we can just create a separate article for hosting info

### Why Sponsor?

We have a huge outreach as a community so it's a great opportunity for your company and brand to get exposure to many eager engineers. Normally we have between 150-200 people turn up on the evening (with 300+ signing up for the event). We are in the top ten biggest Go meetups in the world and hope to be growing the community even more in the coming months.

> We also have a small number of people that view our live stream or watch the videos after the event via [our YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPhOgp4kDXkg2W8jL4U7GA). All our videos feature the logos of our sponsors for that month.

Reviewer: Would add that they can be viewed after the event ... Kat your video got lots of views 👍

Author: It was mentioned already but I reshuffled that statement to hopefully make that more prominent.

> We also have a small number of people that view our live stream or watch the videos after the event via [our YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPhOgp4kDXkg2W8jL4U7GA). All our videos feature the logos of our sponsors for that month.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also have a small number of people that view our live stream or watch the videos after the event via [our YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/LondonGophers). All our videos feature the logos of our sponsors for that month.
```

Author: Well spotted! I fixed that with the previous edit as I reshuffled that sentence as per Dom's comment. 👍

### What's in it for you?

We hope that you will get exposure to many amazing and active engineers at our meetups, so we look to make sure that we give you exposure both during the event, leading up to and after the evening.

- You will be listed as our sponsor in the invite that goes out to all our members on meetup.com (currently over 2800).
- During the event, we will make sure that the opening and closing slides have all sponsor logos present (they will also be shown on the live stream).

> - We offer you the option to stand up and do a 2-3 minute sponsorship introduction to let our community know more about you and what you are doing (slides are optional).

Reviewer: do we offer this to reoccuring as well? I would not like to have an evening where we have - host, food, drinks, recurring 1, recurring 2 doing introductions it could really slow the evening.
Open to ideas around this ... break sponsors?

Reviewer 2: I agree with what @domgreen said.
I think whoever sponsors the event will have the slot to introduce themselves, whilst the rolling contribution means logos will be there all the times, and we will thank those sponsors of course during the evening.

Author: I agree, I think we (organisers) should mention all recurring sponsors throughout the event and we can only offer the 2-3 minute slot for any _new_ sponsors (recurring or one-off, doesn't matter). Optionally we can have a second 2-3 minute slot for recurring sponsors which we rotate among them. 
So we would have one or two of the 2-3 minute sponsor slots and we'd just mention all recurring sponsors throughout the event & have their logos up as we do now. Thoughts?

Author: (I will change this bit once we agree on what to do) :)

* Food - we normally spend between £300 - £400 on food every month so that everyone can enjoy the evening on a full, rather than empty, stomach! We try to cater for all different diets/allergies. Various flavours/forms of pizza always go down a treat but we are always open to trying different ideas!

* Drinks - as with food we spend £300 - £400 to provide drinks and refreshments for everyone on the evening. We try to offer a wide range of drinks to cover all preferences!

* AV/equipment - every London Gophers meetup is streamed live on [our YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/LondonGophers). Until now, the organisers have used their own personal equipment, but clearly this is not sustainable/appropriate.

* Speaker costs - sometimes we have visiting speakers and where possible we look to help them with reasonable costs, like train tickets. Clearly where possible we look to minimise costs in this area by inviting speakers at a time that coincides with a pre-existing trip to London, but this is not always possible.

> * Admin - we use [meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/) to schedule our events which costs us about £80 a year in subscription fees. Otherwise we use free tools and services whenever possible to help with the day to day organisation of the meetup.

Author: @myitcv I added this as well - feel free to suggest any rewording 👍

Because we are a non-profit organisation, we will typically put any surplus funds towards conference scholarship funds such as https://www.gophercon.co.uk/scholarships/.

As mentioned above, the organising committee of London Gophers are volunteers. We are always on the lookout for people keen to join our team!

### Sponsorship Options
We have three categories of sponsorship:

> * Recurring sponsors. Contribute £200 every month and get listed on our website, listed in our main slide deck for each meetup and get thanked and mentioned throughout the meetup. **We are actively looking for recurring sponsors.**

Reviewer 3: Slight rewording to make the list of "things" read better:

> Recurring sponsors contribute £200 every month. You will be listed on our website, listed in the main slide deck for each meetup, and thanked/mentioned throughout each meetup.

> * Venue sponsors who will host us a few times a year. **We are not looking for venue sponsors at this time.**

Reviewer 3: Slight rewording to make consistent with other points:

> Venue sponsors. Venue sponsors will each host us a few times a year. You will be listed in the main slide deck  and thanked/mentioned at each meetup you host. **We are not looking for venue sponsors at this time.**

* Ad-hoc sponsorship. Be it covering food, drinks or venue for the odd meetup, or a donation to cover a specific cost.

> Both recurring and one-off sponsors will be featured prominently during the meetup they sponsor. We will also advertise our recurring sponsors outside of the event nights and tweet once a month about their job openings.

Reviewer 3: > Both recurring and one-off sponsors

I think we need to say "All sponsors will be featured prominently". Because as it reads the venue sponsors lose out... which is clearly not the case!

### Why Sponsor?

> We have a huge outreach as a community so it's a great opportunity for your company and brand to get exposure to many eager engineers. Normally we have between 150-200 people turn up on the evening (with 300+ signing up for the event). We are in the top ten biggest Go meetups in the world and hope to be growing the community even more in the coming months.

Reviewer 3: I would mention the size of the community here (according to Meetup at least); > 3000 at the last count.

Author: @myitcv - how about the bullets I added?

> We have a huge outreach as a community so it's a great opportunity for your company and brand to get exposure to many eager engineers. Normally we have between 150-200 people turn up on the evening (with 300+ signing up for the event). We are in the top ten biggest Go meetups in the world and hope to be growing the community even more in the coming months.

Reviewer: up these numbers here to the same as above 250+

We also have a number of people that view our live stream on YouTube. All our videos feature logos of our sponsors for that month and can be viewed after the event on [our YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/LondonGophers).

### What's in it for you?

We hope that you will get exposure to many amazing and active engineers at our meetups, so we look to make sure that we give you exposure both during the event, leading up to and after the evening.

> - You will be listed as our sponsor in the invite that goes out to all our members on meetup.com (currently over 2800).

Reviewer 3: s/2800/3000/

- During the event, we will make sure that the opening and closing slides have all sponsor logos present (they will also be shown on the live stream).

> - We offer every new sponsor the option to stand up and do a 2-3 minute sponsorship introduction to let our community know more about you and what you are doing at one of the meetups.

Reviewer 3: s/2-3/2/ - let's continue to keep these sections brief and to the point. Lush demonstrated this is entirely possible :)

Reviewer: Lets take down to 2

- Will make sure that we tweet mentioning you leading up to the event and after so that our followers know about your support for the community.

Please reach out to us if you have any questions or if you'd like to sponsor!

> email: glug-organisers [at] googlegroups [dot] com

Reviewer 3: I think the hyperlinked email address is fine here; it's already on the website (https://gophers.london)
